In this method we take the data of second 
position first and compare it with the data
of first position. ​

If the data in the second position is smaller
than the data in the first position, then we
shift the data in first position to the right
(to the second position) and insert the data
of second position in the first position. ​

Otherwise the data will remain in their own
positions. ​

After that we take data in the third position
and compare it with the data in the second
position. 

If it is less than the data in the second
position, then we compare it with the data
in the first position. ​

If it is also less than the data in the first
position, then we shift the two data to their
right and place the data of the third position
in the first position. ​

In case if the data of the third position is
less than the data of the second position and
greater than the data of the first position,
we shift the data of the second position to
its right and the third data of the third
position is inserted in the second position. ​

By repeating the process for the data in the
forth position, fifth position and so on, we
can sort the whole list. 

  